## Room goals:
- Understanding the logic of log management and configuration
- Familiarise with log configuration approaches
- Experience the log configuration process

## Notes

log purposes:
- SECURITY
- OPERATIONAL
- LEGAL
- DEBUG

Questions To Ask In Planning Meeting/Session
- What will you log, and for what (asset scope and logging purpose)?
    - Is additional commitment or effort required to achieve the purpose (requirements related to the purpose)?
- How much are you going to log (detail scope)?
- How much do you need to log?
- How are you going to log (collection)?
- How are you going to store collected logs?
    - Is there a standard, process, legislation, or law that you must comply with due to the data you log?
- How are you going to protect the logs?
- How are you going to analyse collected logs?
- Do you have enough resources and workforce to do logging?
- Do you have enough budget to plan, implement and maintain logging?

Meeting specific operational and security requirements (non-negotiable) while also considering the feasibility of improving the capability by implementing additional data and insights.

## Questions
Which of the given log purposes would be suitable to measure the cost of using a service?
- Operational

Which of the given log purposes would be suitable for investigating application logs for enhancement and stability? 
- Debug

You are a consultant working for a growing startup. As a consultant, you participated in a log configuration planning session. The company you work for is working to get compliant to process payment information. The given question set is being discussed.

Which question's answer can be "as much as mentioned in the PCI DSS requirements."?
- How much do you need to log?

The session continues, and your teammates need your help; they will negotiate for logging budget and operation details. As a consultant, you must remind them of a vital point:

Which requirements are non-negotiable?
- operational and security requirements

Your team is working on policies to decide which logs will be stored and which portion will be available for analysis.
Which of the given logging principles would be implemented and improved?
- Archiving and Accessibility

Your team implemented a brand new API logging product. One of the team members has been tasked with collecting the logs generated by that new product. The team member reported continuous errors when transferring the logs to the review platform.
In this case, which of the given difficulties occurs?
- Process and Archive

As a consultant, you are doing a comprehensive risk assessment and noticed that one of the development teams implemented a custom script to generate logs for an old system, which omits loggings at some phases.

What you would call this? (Mistake or Practice?)
- Mistake